Are you part of Blue Dogs? If so, for how long?
Have you ever spilled your drink in VR?
Take a watershot
Give a watershot
Where are you from?
What vehicles/equipment are you licensed to use?
What's a place you'd love to visit?
If you're drinking, stand on one leg until its your turn again. If not, spin again!
What's the longest relationship/friendship you've had?
What vehicles do you own, if any?
Everyone drink!
If you can change your avatar's ear size, turn them to max until its your turn again
All NSFW avis raise your hand
Whats the biggest spider you've seen?
Quest users drink.
If you 'like' someone in the room, drink.
The player with most vowels in their name, drink.
What's your favorite anime?
What languages do you speak?
If you know more than one language, speak some!
For every NSFW avatar you own, drink.
If you have a Blue Dogs logo, show it off!
Who here is the most 'submissive'?
Who here is the most 'dominant'?
Are you mostly submissive or dominant? If others disagree, drink or do a dare from the crowd!
What's the most odd thing you're into?
If you could meet anyone in the world IRL, who would it be?
Raise your hand if you know what a 'Bleary friend' is. If there's one here, let them know!
The avatar with most blue on it, drink or do a dare from the crowd!
Truth or dare? Person to your right gives you one.
Tell us 3 things about yourself. 2 are truths, 1 is a lie.
If you're a furry, how did you enter the fandom?
If you're in the Blue Dogs Discord, drink.
All Blender artists, skip a turn, drinks some water. You need the rest, you poor thing.
What's your favorite movie?
If you're in a relationship, how'd you meet your partner?
Did you set a new years resolution? If you broke it, drink.
If you're a 'Trusted User', how long did it take? If not, send someone a friend request!
What's your favorite spot in this world?
Have you visited The Blue Dogs Cave world? If not, you should!
Longest username hands out two watershots
Who's the biggest brat here? They drink.
What's your favorite icecream flavour?
If you speak more than one language, teach someone a new word!
What's your favorite drink?
What's your favorite animal? 
Have you ever blacked out from drinking? If so, drink some water, you irresponsible thing.
Drink if you're using a public avatar.
What's something you're really proud of?
Have you broken a controller/tracker playing VR? If yes, drink and sit down before you do it again.
Sit in someone's lap until its your turn again.
Do you run/own a VRC group? If so, what's it about?
What's your favorite form of exercise? Demonstrate it or drink.
Who's the last person here that made you laugh/smile? Give them a watershot.
Do you own Pishocks? Put them on or drink.
Who here should not be given unsupervised access to alcohol? They take a watershot.
Everyone with a motorcycle, drink.
If ~Marc~, TimothySoup or Razhee is present, they drink. If not, everyone drinks!
Switch into an avatar that is medium or better. If not, drink!
What's your most memorable trip?
What's your prefered poison, alcohol, weed or something else? If you have some, take some!
If you're a boykisser, kiss a boi. If you do it twice, take a drink!
What's one piece of advice you wish you had earlier in life?
Own a lovense? Prove it. If not, drink.
What's your favorite kink?
What's something few people know about you?
Have you ever broken or fractured a bone?
If you've been arrested? Tell us about it or drink.
When was the last time you ERP'd? Answer or drink. 
Everyone picks your discord status
Everyone picks your new VRC status
Spinner: Twerk for 20sec
Spinner:Take off an article of clothing
Spinner: Seduce someone in the crowd for 30 seconds. If not, drink.
Drink for every world you've uploaded
What's your favorite dish?
When was the last time you were in a public instance?
Spinner: Sit on your floor till your next turn
Spinner: Switch your status to blue until your next turn
Spinner: Change your status to "If you say blue I take a shot"
What's normal where you live but not elsewhere?
What got you hooked on VRChat?
Do squats! And give a drink for every 5 you do.
Spinner: Change your status to "Power Bottom"
Give a drink if you've read a book in the last month
Give a drink if you are a ginger
Give a drink if you have pronounced facial hair.
Give a drink if you've ridden a motorbike
Give a drink if you've cut down a tree
What's your favorite VRChat world?
What's the best purchase you've made this year so far?
Name an underrated movie.
What's your biggest current hobby?
What's something you couldn't live without?
Spinner: Set your status to "Submissive and breedable"
What do you value most in a friendship?
What do you value most in a relationship?
Spinner: If you're avatar is canine, sit on the floor. Good boy!
Give a drink if you've ever 'faked it'
Do you play any instruments? If not, drink.
Spinner: Finish your drink.
Spinner: Finish your drink.
Drink if you've worn a plug while in vrc.
Drink if you've given someone here access to your lovense device.
Drink if you have an animal in the same room
What's one of your earliest memories?
What's your favorite pizza topping?
Change your status to "Submissive and breedable"
Drink if you've spent over $500 total on vrchat (avatars/assets/trackers etc.)
Have you ever fired a gun? If not, drink.
Order nuggies! If you can't, plank for 30 seconds.
Drink if you had to pay for age verification.
Drink 1 watershot for every empty can/bottle on your desk.
Do you like paws/beans? If so, who here has the best?
Spinner: Be mute for 1 turn or drink.
Cats or Dogs?
Drink if you're LGBTQ
Top or Bottom? Switches drink. (You liar.)
Are you into Bondage? If so, do you like being tied or tying up?
Are you currently using a toy? If so, drink!
Drink if you own a pair of thigh highs
Own a lovense? Prove it. If not, drink.
Own Pishocks? Wear them! If not, drink.
If your avatar has pants on, take them off. 
Drink if you've erped with someone currently in the room.
Do you stick to one avatar or do you like to switch it up?
If you're a DJ, have you performed at Blue Dogs? If not, drink! 
If your birthday is this month, take and give a drink.
Spinner: Drink for every ERP session you've had in the past 2 week.
Apple or Android? Vote. Losers drink.
Represent the wildest VRChat group you're in.
Drink if you've said "Good boy" today, Give a drink if it was said to you.
Blow a kiss to 2 beautiful people here, and 1 to the ugliest. Don't say which is which.
Did you kiss your homies goodnight? If not, drink.
What age do you wish you could be indefinitely?
Drink or do a pushup for every vehicle you own.
If you could only eat one food for the rest of time, what would it be?
What's something you're craving right now?
Drink if you'd sleep with your own clone
Ketchup or mustard?
If you were an action figure, what two accessories would you come with?
If people came with a warning tag, what would yours be?
Everyone that's jumped out of a plane, drink.
What's next on your wishlist of things to buy?
Do you like your partners feminine or masculine?
Do you like your partners short or tall?
Drink if you've caught a fish before
Everyone with military experience, have a drink.
What's the longest you've been without internet this year?
What's your favorite song?
Drink if your Avi gender does not match yours
Drink if you've played VR naked
Drink if you're currently naked
How have you changed in the last year?
Who is someone that changed your life but doesn't know it?
What's one thing people would never guess about you?
Drink for every year you've played VRChat
What's something school should have prepared you for but didn't?
If you're horny, deal with it or drink.
Drink if you've ever used the word Bussy
Drink for every person you've ERP'd within this room
Drink if your parents are still married. If they're not, give a drink.
Do you have any siblings?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What was your first job?
Do you have long or short hair?
Crowd gives you a truth or a dare, your choice. 
Do you have any tattoos? How and why did you get them?
Have a watershot if you've ever puked from drinking in VR.
Have you ever saved someones life?
What's something you're really proud of?
What would you like to be remembered by?
All spicy food enjoyers drink or stand on one leg until it's your turn.
Coffee or tee? If the crowd dissagrees, drink.
What's a really underrated movie or show?
What kind of music do you like?
What's your most annoying allergy, if any.
What's your eyecolor?
If you could be fluent in a language you don't know, what would it be?
If you wont the lottery big time, what would you do?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Have you ever skinny dipped? If so, drink.
Drink if you've gotten a speeding ticket
Give 1 person a lapdance for 30 seconds or drink.
What's your dream job?
Spinner: sit in the spinners lap until it's your turn.
Drink if you've had a relationship that lasted less than a week
Drink if you've had a relationship that lasted more than a year
Is Spinner: a Top, Switch or bottom? If they dissagree, they drink.
Act like an animal until the crowd figures out what animal it is.
Do the worm or drink.
Kneel until it's your turn again.
Show off your funniest avatar.
What was the first time you got drunk in VRChat?
Drink if you've ever changed your vrc user name
Switch avatars for 5 minutes.
Invite 2 friends, more the merrier!
Give a drink if you've used the same main avatar for over 3 months
What's the worst food/dish you've had?
Drink 3 if you have an exotic pet
Drink if your avatar has a holiday/event based theme
Spinner: Choose a cuddle partner until your next turn.
Pretend you're a dog until your next turn. Bark!
Drink if you like candy corn
Do you believe in ghosts/spirits?
Stand up until your next turn.
What do you prefer, sweet or salty?
Have you ever had a stalker?
Drink if you don't like bacon.
Spinner: has to cuddle Spinner: until their next turn.
Spinner: Have you ever called anyone here Daddy? If not, do it or drink.
Spinner: DM "I'm horny" to the last person that you've messaged.
List of 3 of your fetishes. The crowd drinks if they share it.
Drink for every time you switched avatars in the last hour
Drink if you'd ERP with the person next to you.
Drink if your crush/person you like is playing too
Pineapple on pizza, crowd votes! The losers drink!
Drink if you do not like ice in your soda
Who in the crowd owns the most sex toys? They drink! 
How many sex toys do you own?
Do you own fursuit?
What's the last law you broke?
Good Boys Drink
Have you tried chastity? If so, drink!
If you're under 5'7"/170cm, sit in somebody's lap who is.
Drink if you've ever won a pool game with "Catchy's rules."
Should anyone here be sent to horny jail? They drink.
Is there anyone here you'd like to kiss?
What's the last lie you told?
What's you biggest turn on? Anyone in the crowd that shares it, drinks.
Do you like D&D?
If you're drinking straight alcohol, drink a watershot.
If anyone's asleep at the table, everyone drinks!
If you don't know who Catchy is, drink.
How would your dream date look like?
Send someone here the last picture in your phone gallery or drink!
What's the last message you sent someone?
Keep your eyes closed until it's your turn again. 
Act like the person next to you until your next turn.
Speak with a strong accent until your next turn.
Eat a snack without using your hands.
Spinner: You end all sentences with bark until your next turn
Spinner: You end all sentences with meow, nya, etc until your next turn
All FBT users drink.
All non-FBT users drink.
You're only allowed to say "Yes" for the next 60 seconds.
Drink if you speak french
Spinner: Name a song or artist. Anyone who's heard of it drinks.
Whisper until your next turn. 
The person with the least blue on their avatar drinks.
Drink if you're in the Blue Dogs 18 group! 
Say a secret about someone in the room but don't reveal their name.
Spinner: Twerk for the next 30 seconds or drink!
Make the group laugh in the next 15 seconds. If you fail, everyone drinks!
Hand out 3 watershots!
Take a group photo together.
Give Spinner: a dare, then spin again!
Drink if you own a drink shaker
Say something really cursed but in a wholesome way.
Seduce the person to your left for the next 30 seconds or drink.
Send a dirty text to someone right now or drink.
Point out the best boys in the crowd.
Get on the table and give everyone a seductive dance for 30 seconds or drink.
Take a "shot" of hotsauce or drink.
Person with the biggest VR playspace drinks.
Person with the smallest VR playspace drinks. 
Take a drink for each person in this room who’s seen your nudes
Do as many pushups as you can in one minute.
Take a shot everytime you say "um" until your next round.
Take a shot while standing on one leg. If you fail, everyone drinks.
Who here has the best avatar and why?
Who here is the biggest sweetheart? Share a drink with them.
If you've met anyone here IRL, share a drink with them.
Guess who's shortest and who's tallest IRL. If you're right, drink!
Guess who is the "biggest" here.
Take off two articles of clothing on your avatar or drink.
What's the most people you've ERP'd with in a day?
Confess your love to Spinner: !
Guess Spinner: underwear color. If you're wrong, drink. If you're right, they drink!
Blow a seductive kiss to someone.
What's something you find attractive in a person?
What's something you find unattractive in a person?
What's your biggest turn on? If anyone in the crowd shares it, they drink.
What's your favorite music artist/band? If someone agrees, drink.
What is the biggest lie you've ever told?
Shortest username drinks
What would you do if you swapped genders for a week?
Drink two if you work more than 10 hours a day
What's the most awkward date you've been on?
What's the best date you've been on?
Do you have an alt account? Why?
When was the first time you got drunk?
Have you ever been warned by staff here? If so, drink.
If you're staff here, drink.
What's an underrated movie you wish people would give a chance?
What's something you don't want your parents to find out?
When was the first time you had alcohol?
What's the biggest sex toy you own? 
Have you ever improvised and made your own sex toy?
When looking at Spinner: what's the first word that comes to mind?
Impersonate your favorite animal for 30 seconds. If the crowd can't guess it, drink.
What's your favorite drink?
Shortest username drinks
Try to rap for 30 seconds. Crowd decides if you drink.
Drink if you've gone to university. 
Drink if you've ever sent nudes to the wrong person, drink 2 if they're here.
What's your favorite alcoholic drink?
Who in the group has the most hours in VRChat? Everyone else drinks.
What's next on your bucket list?
Immitate someone in the group for 30 seconds. If the crowd guesses who, drink!
What did you wanna be when you were younger? 
What's an embarassing thing you've been caught doing?
Have you ever been caught in the act?
What's the highest elevation you've been on? (Besides an airplane.)
Drink if you've tried Irn-Bru
What's something you wish you were better at?
Give a drink if you have a cat
Give a drink if you have a dog
Have you ever been in a fist fight? If so, drink.
What's the shortest time it took you to start a relationship with someone?
Drink if you have a sex toy in the room right now.
What's an admirable trait about Spinner: ?
If anyone at the table knows what you look like IRL, they drink.
Re-enact the last nude you've taken or drink.
Speak in a french accent until your next turn.
Show the NSFW parts of your avatar or drink.
Drink if this instance is hosted by Blue Dogs.
Drink if you've attended Blue Dogs Karaoke Night.
Drink if you've attended Blue Dogs  Midweek Furmeet.
Drink if you've attended Marc's Party Nights.
Give a drink if you can't swim
Have you every driven/sailed a boat?
Drink if you've been on a cruise
Drink a watershot if you live in the UK
Who here have you known for longest? How did you meet?
What's your current profession? If anyone has the same, drink.
What did/are you studying?
If you could move anywhere in the world, where would it be?
Drink if you've ever sold art
Take a selfie with the person next to you.
Drink if you've had food delivered this week
What's your favorite restaurant chain/type?
Drink one for every family member you live with
Do the macarena!
Drink if you work for the goverment
Drink if you've operated a military vehicle
Drink if you've gone abroad to meet a VRChat friend
Drink if you've been to the Middle East
Drink if your sticker isn't on the community board in The Blue Bar. If it is, drink two.
What's the most cursed VRC print you have?
Drink if you have 3 or more monitors
If a genie gave you 3 wishes, what would you wish for?
Drink if you've tried marmite or vegemite
Waterfall your drink if you haven't finished your first bottle/glass/cup etc yet
Drink if you DONT have an electric kettle/jug
What's the longest flight you've been on?
What's the longest roadtrip you've been on? 
Give a drink for every year you've played VRChat
Spinner: Take an actual shot
What's your favorite videogame?
What game do you have the most hours in?
Do you use "AI" products/services on a weekly basis? If so, drink.
Who here would survive the longest in a zombie apocalypse?
Drink if you’d argue when someone calls you a bottom
Have you ever had a stalker?
Drink if you're on orange.
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
Drink if you’ve gotten high this week
Who do you text the most? If they're here, share a drink with them!
Drink if someone has ever mistaken your country of origin
Drink if you still have all your wisdom teeth.
Give a drink if you still have all your wisdom teeth
Drink if you've heard a bagpipe playing in person
Give a drink if you’ve played a bagpipe
Drink if you’ve gotten less than 4 hours of sleep today.
Give a drink if you’ve gotten 8 hours of sleep today.
If you were drinking yesterday, take a watershot.
Drink if you're a "Silly little guy"
Drink if you've complained about your back today.
Take a watershot if your body “ain’t what it use to be.
Drink if your knees click
Give a drink if you've been to the gym this month
What's the fastest you've gone in a car?
Give a drink for every time you’ve been to the gym this month
Drink 3 if you are one comment away from handing in your 2 weeks. 
Drink if you've seen a moose
Have you ever gone kayaking?
End every sentence with "woof" until your next turn
Drink if you whole heartedly believe you could tame a wild animal (I.e. Eagle, Wolf, Tiger etc)
Have you ever been fired? How?
What's an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
Spinner: stand on one leg until your next turn, if you put it down everyone drinks!
Which person here knows you best?
Who here do you trust the most?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Drink if your username contains your irl name/nickname
Drink if you've met someone here IRL.
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Who here do you think would be the best kisser?
Drink if you don't have a driver's license
Drink if you've crashed a car
Who here do you think is the most romantic?
The best moan gives gives two drinks. Crowd decides!
Drink if you live in Britain.
Drink if you’re part of the commonwealth
Drink if your in the military.
Are you a Dom or Sub? If crowd dissagrees you drink 2.
Drink if your username contains your irl name/nickname
What was the last thing you typed in a search engine?
Spinner makes a rule
Spank Spinner: or drink.
Give a drink if you're drinking wine
Give a drink if you've ERPd in this world, you devious dog.
Name one thing you regret.
What's the weirdest nickname you've had?
Who here would be best suited as a politician/leading a country? They drink.
"I would do anything for love, but I wont do that" What's 'that'?
Take a drink if you have still, somehow, never played lethal company
Drink if you pronounce gif as 'jif'
Give a drink if you're eepy
When was the last time you showered?
What's the youngest or oldest aged person you'd date? 
What's one thing you should stop doing?
Have you ever used a fake ID?
Give a drink if you don't own a TV
Drink if you have an Iphone
Give a drink if you work from home
Have you ever stolen anything from work?
Drink if you’ve only ever used public avatars/gifted avatars
Drink if you’ve never spent any money on VRChat
Drink if you've owned your current smartphone for more than two years
What's a job you could never do?
Drink if you have LED RGB lighting in your room
Winterpaws drink.
Would you date someone shorter than you?
Would you date someone taller than you?
What was the best day of your life so far?
How many people have you kissed IRL?
Drink if you have no peircings or tattoos
Drink if you haven’t gotten laid in over a year
Drink if you’re a virgin
Who here would you list as your emergency contact? They drink.
What's the scariest thing you've experienced?
What's the last purchase you regretted?
Everyone above 6'/182cm drink!
Drink 2 if you haven't in the last 3 turns.
Give a drink for every person you've slept with this year
When was your first time?
Give one for every irl sexual partner you've had
Who was your first?
Who here would you call to help bury a body?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your most prized possession?
Drink if you own a french press.
Drink if you've watched MLP.
Hand out a drink for every friend you have in this world. (Max 5)
Confess to your Crush OR drink 10
What's the best lie you've told?
What's the worst advice you've received?
Who's the last person that called you?
Give a drink for every time you’ve cooked a meal from scratch this week
Give 5 drinks if its someone's birtday today.
Drink 2 if you’re not buzzed yet
What's the most untrue rumor you've heard about yourself?
Have you ever broken someone's heart?
Do you still have stuffed animal you sleep with?
Who is the best kisser here?
Good boys drink as many as your told
Have you ever blacked out in VRChat?
What's the worst date you've been on?
What's the biggest culture shock you've experienced?
Who here do you trust the least? Share a drink with them.
Drink if you have pirated an adobe product.
Drink if you have an adobe subscription. (You should unsubscribe too. :>)
Who here would you bring with you to a deserted island?
Drink if you’ve been to a private room tonight.
How many plushies do you own?
What's you next goal in life?
What's the biggest secret you've kept from your parents? 
If you could rescue all but 1 person here from a burning building, who would you leave?
Everyone bark, anyone who doesnt after 15sec drink 2
Doms give a drink
Subs take a drink
Switches take a drink and give out a drink
Don't close your mouth until your next turn.
What's your favorite curse word?
What's the weirdest curse word you can think of?
Send a friend an invite, if join, share a drink with them!
Drink 1 per collar you own, or have bought for someone.
What's the last movie or show that made you cry?
What's the longest you've gone without a shower?
What's the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
Drink if you stream on twitch
Drink if you own your house
Drink if you have credit card debt lmao
Drink 2 if you dont have debt, rich bastard
Drink if you have Klarna debt lmao.
Furries drink